This is a web slice project I did as part of an application process.  I was given a Figma fig file and the task of building markup and styling to recreate the interface in an HTML document.  See the score-sight.html file for the web slice I built, which transitions between the desktop and mobile layouts depending on the resolution width.  See the desktop-mockup.jpg and mobile-mockup.jpg files to directly view the mockups I was meant to implement.  The full fig can be viewed at: https://www.figma.com/file/cng1gEv3D7nRr997JdVaQj/test-1?node-id=186%3A40

A deploy of this project can be viewed at https://alec-mitnik-web-slice.netlify.app/score-sight.html (where you can change the URL to change the file viewed, such as https://alec-mitnik-web-slice.netlify.app/desktop-mockup.jpg or https://alec-mitnik-web-slice.netlify.app/mobile-mockup.jpg).

Dependencies:
* Heebo font loaded via the Google Font API
* Local assets including stylesheet and images

I was instructed to make things pixel perfect, but the design itself is not without error, and following a standard convention for designs using a limited range of values is generally recommended, so I took some liberties to normalize some of the spacing values (usually to mutliples of 4 or 6, though even futher constraints would be ideal), based on my best understanding of the design intent, and I also made sure that corresponding spacings were propertly identical.  For example, on the desktop view, the left-spacing for the Recommended Actions header is 30px, but for the text below it, it's only 29px.  The left-spacing for the "How to use" section is also 29px, and without a border.  So, I set the "How to use" spacing to an even 30px and set the Recommended Actions section to 29px so that with the 1px border, it would align perfectly with the "How to use" section.  I tried to find a balance between accuracy and cohesion.

I also normalized line heights to 1.5 everywhere, which may account for slight differences from the design (where for example, a font-size of 14px is given a line height of 20px instead of 21px).  Having a ratio rather than hard-coding in pixels is important for properly supporting text magnification (which browser settings have for accessibility).  And keeping a consistent ratio is surely more elegant that occasionally veering off by a pixel.  I've read that a line height of 1.5 is recommended for accessibility as well, as it makes the text easiest to read.  Also, note that in order to truncate text with an ellipsis, which you may often want, you need to hide its overflow, and setting a line-height of 1 can cause descenders to be overflowed and thus cut off, so vertical alignment of text is always a tricky thing, since the extra line height space prevents the vertical edges of the text from aligning with other content.

Some layout proportions also did not follow an obvious ratio (such as the target score number input vs. the Set Target button, the range slider sections, or the two main layout columns with the seemingly arbitrarily-sized and non-centered gap between them), and I couldn't simply hard-code dimensions, seeing as the page needed to be responsive and scale with the window resolution, so I did my best to interpret the proportions in terms of standard ratios.  In the case of the range slider, I made the colored sections sized propertionally to their value ranges.  I'm not sure an alternative would even be possible for a functional range input element, which I've taken it to be without the design specifying otherwise.

There is a lot about the design that I would normally like to get clarification on, and I would certainly be ready to revise anything upon gaining a better understanding of the intent, so I hope taking these liberties aren't held against me.  It's not that I can't make things pixel perfect, it's that I don't believe doing so is as important as following a cohesive, logical design.  My hope is that giving feedback on designs to advocate for such things would be encouraged.  I also have concerns about parts of the design not having sufficient color contrast for accessibility, such as the inactive navigation tab, but that would need discussion to see if it could be revised, so I've left it for now.

I'm assuming that only the top fig view, that of the Target Score design, is in scope for this task.  The bottom view only seems to change a couple things, and may be unfinished.  Making the navigation tabs functional would be out of scope for a web slice anyway, if I understand correctly.

I implemented the range slider as an actual range type input which the user could interact with.  I wasn't sure if it was meant to be that way, or just a non-interactive representation of the target score set from the number input.  It would have been elegant to implement the slider thumb as just a white bordered element with a transparent background, but since the stroke in the design is not a whole number, I had to use an image, and since the colored portion of the thumb is taller than the slider track, I had to fill in the color.  This would then require extra logic to update the color whenever the value changes, which I figured was out of scope for this task.  I made the score input field a number type, which helpfully restricts the input to numbers, and also shows native increment/decrement buttons on hover/focus.  The design doesn't cover hover or focus states, so I left them in, but it should be possible to hide them if necessary.  Speaking of hover states, I would normally want to incorporate styles for these as well, but since the design doesn't cover them, that isn't in scope for this task.

I made sure to properly support keyboard navigation for interactive elements, though I wasn't sure if the recommended actions were meant to be interactive at all.  I didn't make them so for now.  I also styled them assuming that there would always be at least one, and that the row as a whole would always have a uniform style.  I saw some parts not highlighted in the Error view, but I didn't know what to make of that or how it would work for different scenarios, so I left that as something that could be properly revised upon clarification.

I would normally expect there to be standard global styles that we'd always want applied, such as box-sizing: border-box for everything, or removing default styles for buttons and most other elements.  I would also expect there to be a proper framework in place for commonly used styles (such as spacings), and a standard for selector naming conventions.  I've done that all manually here, but this shouldn't be seen as reflective of what I would intend for such implementations to actually be like in practice.  It might have been even quicker to just add styling inline, especially with a piecemeal design that doesn't have a lot of cohesion, but I assume something more maintainable than that is the goal.

It wasn't specified how the transition between desktop and mobile view should be handled, so I picked an arbitrary threshold of 1200px width for the desktop view, with anything below that triggering the mobile view.  I picked a threshold which the desktop view could still reasonably be displayed at, even with text magnified to 125% (which I made sure to support by using rem units for text).  Technically text can be magnified up to 150%, and if we wanted to support this properly, we would need to figure out a good strategy.  The potential impact scores pose the biggest problem, for both the desktop and mobile views.  Similarly, the mobile view doesn't work so great for resolutions approaching 1200px wide, so all the more reason to consider additional layout variations.  But while I certainly would have suggestions, I take this as something for the designers to ultimately figure out.

The read-order of the Target Score and Credit Scores sections gets reversed between the desktop and mobile views.  This can easily be handled through styling, but such practice is generally considered bad for accessibility.  Styling doesn't affect the native keyboard navigation order, and even though that's not an issue in this case because Credit Scores doesn't have interactive elements, it can still potentially pose a problem for screen readers or other accessibility software when the DOM structure doesn't match the displayed layout.  I dont know the extent of the need here to avoid such issues, so I'm going with the simple style approach for now, but it would warrant further discussion, and could be handled more easily with a proper framework anyway.  The other occurrences of the read-order switching can't be easily handled through styling, so they have to be handled the duplicative way regardless.

I exported images that I needed from the fig for this task, but I would generally expect there to be an official version of such resources to utilize, with official terminology, file names, and corresponding alt text, plus perhaps the use of an icon framework like Fontello or IcoMoon.

I only have a Windows computer, and tested my implementation in a few browsers, but I would expect there to be a more rigorous process utilizing the proper resources in practice.

My previous workplaces didn't make much use of HTML5 tags like section and article, and I wasn't sure of if or how those corresponded to this particular app design (to me they seem to be meant more for blog or news type websites).  But whatever convention is established for this should be easy enough for me to pick up and follow.

Corrections on the design:
* The columns in the Credit Scores section of the desktop view have inconsistent spacing values (28px vs. 32px), so I implemented them consistently as 28px.
* Other minor spacing inconsistencies, as mentioned, especially throughout the mobile view.
* The Equifax potential score is 18 more than its credit score, so I corrected the displayed increase amount from the design's 19.  The values don't make sense at all in the mobile view, so I just keep the desktop values for my implementation.
* Corrected the spelling of "Score" in the footer.  I would normally try to get confirmation about this, to ensure that the original spelling wasn't simply some term I didn't know.
* Added right-spacing for the footer text to match the left-spacing.
* Removed the line break in the footer paragraph.  If the two sections were meant to be more distinct, I would expect to see some spacing between them.  Trying to fit each section on a single line, as shown in the desktop view, wouldn't work as the resolution decreases and the lines overflow.
